CIS551 HW1 MS1
Group 13
Member: Bo Pan, Hang Lu, Yuting Shi   

Chatting System Structure:
1. Server
Firstly, after the server accepts a connection from the client, the server will send an authentication request message to the client and wait for the authentication response message to validate the identity of the client. Secondly, Once authenticated successfully, either the server or the client could send data message to each other. Otherwise the server will disconnect with the client.

2. Client
After launching the program of client, the client needs to input the username and password which will be sent to the server to authenticate. Once successfully authenticated, the client can communicate with the client with data messages. Otherwise, the client will disconnect with the server. The client can exit the communication with the server positively by typing ¡°exit¡± in the console.

3. Message
There are totally five types of message in our system which are authentication request message, authentication response message, authentication confirm message, data message and exit message.

For next milestone, we will need to add new message types for key exchange etc.

Security Concept:

    1.Encryption file for username and password:
Store client¡¯s username and password in an encrypted file on the server end.
We decide to AES because it is a strong encryption and also efficient. We use signature which is generated by shared secret to identify validation of the client.

    2.Hellman Key Change: 
Use RSA algorithm to generate shared secret between server and client.

    3.Message Encryption: 
Used the shared secret to encrypt the data message sent between server and client.
We also use AES to encrypt the content of the conversation.

    4.Message Authentication: 
Use Message Authentication Code to check the integrity of information transmitted between server and client

    5.Stress Handling: 
Assure only a certain number of clients can be connected to the server at the same time      in case of DDos.
    6.Defense of replay attack: